Add "--wine-desktop" option for DXVK tabbed-out rendering issue (#102)
lhark/truckersmp-cli: README.md

(Not available)|`--self-update`|Update files to the latest release and quit
(Not available)|`--singleplayer`|Start singleplayer game, useful for save editing, using/testing DXVK in singleplayer, etc.)
(Not available)|`--use-wined3d`|Use OpenGL-based D3D11 instead of DXVK when using Proton

> (Not available)|`--wine-desktop SIZE`|Use Wine desktop, useful to work around DXVK tabbed-out rendering issue but mouse clicking won't work in other GUI apps while game is running, SIZE must be 'WIDTHxHEIGHT' format (e.g. 1920x1080)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Not available)|`--wine-desktop SIZE`|Use Wine desktop, work around missing TruckerMP overlay after tabbing out using DXVK, mouse clicking won't work in other GUI apps while the game is running, SIZE must be 'WIDTHxHEIGHT' format (e.g. 1920x1080)
```
